3.1 - 3.2 
Cycle 2
1. Nahida: Eventhough Nahida hasn’t been released when writing this post, we can safely assume she is going to be the strongest dendro support in the game. My instinct would say that she belongs in the highest tier so I’m hoping I’m not mistaken for this.
2. Yelan: in the old tierlist Yelan was listed below Xingqiu, but their power level is almost identical and their scores on the previous tierlist were as close as it can get. If you want more information about this, you can dm or ping me for my reasoning. 
3. Cyno: He just released a couple weeks ago, and the overall consensus was that he was very mediocre, putting him next to the other so called “mediocre” on-field dps units seems fair to me. 
4. Keqing: Keqing rose a bit in the tierlist thanks to the release of dendro, and has a very similar performance to Cyno (slightly better in some teams), so putting her next to him should be acceptable.
5. Nilou: This one was the hardest to rank, giving that her team restriction basically rules her out as hydro unit outside of bloom teams. However, her teams could be very cheap to buy as her common teammates are often not that good outside of a few exceptions. So with all this information, I’ve decided to give her a special rule, that includes if she is used in teams that only consist of Hydro and Dendro, her price will go up by 2.
6. Tighnari: At the moment, Tighnari feels underwhelming as a unit and I don’t see a reason to put him higher than where he is at the moment. If he turns out to be stronger, I’ll have to adjust his price a bit later, but for now this is my initial judgement. 
7. Collei: As one of the few Dendro appliers, Collei is quite valuable for that alone. Her power level isn’t that high and with the addition of Nahida, her price at 2 seems fair for what she provides. 
8. Layla: I’ll be honest here, I don’t know how good Layla is gonna be. I’m putting her in 2 for now until we see more of her. 
9. Traveler: Traveler was ranked between the 2 lowest tiers in the previous tierlist, and is still very much mediocre. But with the addition of Dendro, he/she fulfills  the same role as Collei at the moment,  with very similar performance. Combined with the flexibility to use the other Traveler elements, I’m putting her/him in the 2 cost department. 
10. Dori: As of now, all I heard about her is that she’s a worse Kuki. And given that, she can only belong in a tier below Kuki.
11. Candace: Too niche to be used as anything else than a meme at the moment.