3.4 - 3.5 Cycle 9
Budget: 64
1. Dehya 🆕: With the release of 3.5 soon, Dehya will probably be released as well. With the first new pyro char since Thoma in 2.3, this has to change the meta of Pyro units right? :clueless~1: Putting her at a humble 4 should leave players to experiment with her. 
2. Mika 🆕: Together with Dehya, we will have another new unit: Mika. As a physical buffer, Mika has a niche that is close to the likes of Yunjin, Gorou, Sara, Faruzan and Shenhe. Putting him at 4 next to the 4* buffers should be considered fair. 
3. Alhaitham/Nilou ⬆️ 1 tier: Alhaitham has definitely proven himself to be a strong unit since release, and with the addition of a very favoured abyss cycle, he definitely can be a game changer. Ill bump him up 1 tier as I expect people will just have finished his builds. Nilou has been a dealbreaker on second half right now and allows for very cheap teams to be build. Putting her a tier up should balance out her cheap teammates. 
4. Ayaka/Ganyu ⬇️ 1 tier: Cryo units are suffering right now, as freeze has not been a good option for a while. Ayaka can still speedrun some chambers, but her cost is a bit too much. Ganyu however still has access to melt, but even then it's a sub-optimal option to go for at the moment. Putting them both down a tier could lead to some experimentation with them.
5. Tighnari ⬆️ 1 tier: Aggravate/Spread teams have been dominating at the moment, and Tighnari is no stranger to that. His value is among the better Dendro units as he is a sub-carry with a good damage output. Putting him up a bit should encourage people to look for other options. 
6. Zhongli/Sucrose ⬇️ 1 tier: Sucrose has been completely overshadowed by Kazuha due to his superior grouping. And as she isn't the cheapest VV option around, she is stuck in a place where she's just not worth it. Zhongli on the other hand, does offer some value, but is still a major costing defensive option as he himself does quite literally 0 damage. Lowering their costs could make them a real option.
7.  Xiao/Faruzan/Dendro MC ⬆️ 1 tier: Xiao's value is definitely higher this cycle as second half does have a matchup that is pretty favourble for him. Together with a cheap Faruzan, Xiao can make the chamber look like a cakewalk. Nerfing these 2 together should put a more fair price to what they can achieve with just the 2 of them. Dendro MC on the other hand, has been tearing apart the usage rates. With a whopping 37/70 usage rate, it's by far the most used unit since the release of Walmart Bets. Compared to the other cheap Dendro options, Dendro MC has definitely been the go to to use and it has proven to be very effective. Putting a nerf on it should balance out the other Dendro units.
8. Rosaria/Mona/Albedo ⬇️ 1 tier: I've been thinking for a while why I even put Rosaria higher than Kaeya, as they were essentially 90% the same unit. Her usage rate is way higher but that could be because of the lack of cons people have on Kaeya. As Cryo is nearly extinct this rotation, it is finally time to put her in the tier next to Kaeya. Mona has been suffering the same fate as the Cryo units, as she was a staple in freeze teams. Now that these teams have faded away, she has no place as a Hydro applier compared to the other Hydro units. Albedo suffers as Mono Geo is very unpopular, combined with his role among other teams just being okay. As people often go for sub-dps that have more synergy and/or battery capabilities, Albedo really has no place at the moment. Lowering his cost could maybe see a change