3.2 - 3.3 Cycle 3 
Budget: 50
1. Everyone at 10 cost is now 12; everyone at 8 cost is now 10; everyone at 6 cost is now 8; everyone at 5 cost is now 6. This is to encourage players to take more units from the bottom half, giving the fact that you also got some more budget than previous rotation to spend your units on. To prevent from everyone taking 3 of the 10 cost units and still having lots of points left, I have decided to increase the cost of these major units by a small amount. 
2. Hu Tao/Ayato/Ganyu ⬇️ 1 tier: Looking at the previous rotation, people couldn't pick these units as most of their supporting units were high cost as well, making them a very costly unit to pick. By bringing them down one tier, this might be more balanced for the character itself.
3.  Venti ⬆️ 1 tier: Eventhough he wasn't used last rotation (due to the overwhelming amount of nilou users) he seems like a cheat pick for first half right now, as 2 out of 3 chambers are easily sucked in to ensure you have very fast times. To balance that out, I've decided to move venti up a tier.
4.  Nilou ⬆️ 2 tiers: Nilou really seemed like a too cheap unit for what it did, making units that costed below their value to shine and have decent times, allowing the other side to be quite expensive. I'm not sure how valuable she is in the current rotation, but given how the whole team can still be cheap around her makes me think she should be at this cost.
5. Yoimiya ⬇️ 1 tier: The queen of m1 single-target follows Hu Tao, as Tao moves down 1, Yoi should follow. Their powerlevel is relatively dependant on their teammates and suffering from the same issues as Tao, she will get a lower cost to compensate for that. 
6. Tighnari/Kuki ⬆️ 2 tiers: I severely underestimated Tighnari's power level, and he seems like a very strong pick in certain scenarios. Making him a average cost unit seems more than fair to me. 1 thing going on for her, which is her hyperbloom team.  Her being relatively close to raiden performance wise makes me doubt if she is even correct at this tier, but we will learn from our mistakes if this is not the case.
7. Thoma ⬆️ 3 tiers: Another unit that might be overlooked is Thoma. His best team, burgeon, is quite at the same level as hyperbloom Kuki, making him a solid pick if he stayed at low cost. Bringing him up  to average cost should not allow people to abuse the lower cost units with one good team. 
8. Cyno/Eula ⬇️ 1 tier: Eventhough Eula has actually been used in the previous run, her value seems to be overall low at the moment. Her common teammates being upped in price doesn't help that either so I've decided to put her a bit lower to give her a better treatment. Cyno has yet to see the light and I don't think he will as Keqing exists. Putting him 1 tier lower should maybe make him a fine choice.
9. There are more minor changes in the lower tiers, but those are barely used units that will be adjusted later if they will actually make an impact on the runs.