3.3 – 3.4 Cycle 7
Budget: 60
1. Introducing Discounts. Some characters has seen little to no play and could be overshadowed by other characters that fit the same archetype. Some of these characters will receive an extra buff for a single cycle to see how that will play out. 
2. Alhaitham 🆕:  The Scribe of The Akademiya will finally be released and his impact will (hopefully) be felt. As an on-field Dendro driver he will certainly fill certain roles that Nahida could have as well. He’s less flexible than Nahida, making him a 6 cost should be a good compromise. 
3. Yaoyao 🆕: With the release of the first Dendro Healer, Yaoyao will certainly be competing with Collei and Dendro MC for their supporting capabilities. Putting her at 4 cost should be a safe bet at the moment.
4. Nahida ⬇️  1 tier: Nahida has seen some decent play in the past, but lately she has been overshadowd by Dendro MC cause of her high cost. With the addition of 2 new Dendro chracters, she might even see less play due to her high cost. Making her a little bit cheaper should balance out what she provides compared to the other Dendro Characters.
5. Sucrose ⬇️  1 tier: Sucrose has been heavily overshadowed by other Anemo characters. She isn’t as cheap as most of the VV appliers, and doesn’t have the good grouping capabilities as Venti and Kazuha, making her an almost never used character. Putting her down 1 tier should maybe change things. 
6. Ayaka ⬆️  1 tier: Ayaka was buffed last cycle as she saw almost no play. But the cheaper cost in combination with the higher budget made her a top speed floor wiper. Putting her back at the 2nd tier should make her a bit more fair. 
7. Ayato/Tartaglia ⬇️  1 tier: The Tall Hydro Males have seen literally 0 play since the release of Walmart Bets and with a good reason. Their teams are usually too expensive, or they need a healer slot instead of damage making Kokomi the default unit to use. Making them cost 6 points should allow for more options. 
8. Yoimiya / Beidou ⬇️  1 tier: Yoimiya has the common issue of not having a chamber where she could shine. Combined with her expensive common teammates she does not have a way to be relevant in this challenge. Same could be said for Beidou, where her optimal matchup isn’t anywhere to be found, making her one of the poorer Electro choices. Putting them both down 1 could make a difference. 
9. Anemo Traveler / Sayu / Heizou ⬆️  1 tier: These 3 have been flying under the radar for far too long, as VV itself has proven itself over time to be absolutely broken. Making them all cost 4 should put more balance in the selection. 
10. Chongyun ⬆️  1 tier: Chongyun has proven itself to be quite valuable for a 0 cost character, as he pairs very well with Shenhe, making them an 6 cost duo with pretty decent Synergy. Upping his cost by 2 should make it a more balanced. 